Add Make a HTTP Request Page (#2501)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/integrations/https-outcalls/https-outcalls-overview.md

> # Make an HTTP Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Make an HTTP request
```

## Overview 

> Canister smart contracts can make a request to a URL using [HTTPS Outcalls](https://internetcomputer.org/https-outcalls). Canister smart contracts can make HTTPS outcalls to specified URLs to directly obtain off-chain data, or to interact with off-chain systems, such as Web 2.0 services or enterprise IT infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canister smart contracts can make a request to a URL using [HTTPS outcalls](https://internetcomputer.org/https-outcalls). HTTPS outcalls can be used to directly obtain off-chain data or interact with off-chain systems, such as Web 2.0 services or enterprise IT infrastructure.
```

> An HTTPS outcall mechanism for smart contracts enables a wide range of applications. For example, oracle services can directly integrate with ICP in a trustless manner, and dapps can provide user notifications and anything else that requires communication with servers on the Internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTPS outcalls enable a wide range of applications. For example, oracle services can directly integrate with ICP in a trustless manner, and dapps can provide user notifications or anything else that requires communication with servers on the Internet.
```

> ## How It Works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How it works
```

> For detailed information on how it works, please refer to the [HTTPS Outcalls - How It Works](./https-outcalls-how-it-works.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information on how it works, please refer to the [HTTPS outcalls - How it works](./https-outcalls-how-it-works.md).
```

> ## How to Make a Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to make a request
```

> For detailed information on how to utilize this feature, please refer to the [HTTPS Outcalls - How to Use](./https-outcalls-how-to-use.md) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information on how to utilize this feature, please refer to the [HTTPS outcalls - How to use](./https-outcalls-how-to-use.md) page.
```
